hello my friends welcome to my March
favorites video this is my favorite
video that I get to do every month I
really enjoy sharing with you the worst
products I tried all the way up to the
best I tried so many products this month
and I had so many good finds it was
actually very difficult for me to find
ones that I didn't like because I had so
many good ones that I tried so I had to
leave out some of the good ones to put
in some of the ones that I liked a
little less so this is not in no way
comprehensive of all the products I
tried this month but these are the ones
I'm highlighting from the worst all the
way to the best so let's start with the
worst product at number 10 the number 10
product was one that was a bit on the
pricey side thankfully I got it with
Birchbox points so I wasn't out a whole
lot of money this is the effortless
breathable tinted primer by Sunday Riley
and you if you've had good experience
with this I need your help
because I can't figure out a foundation
that this works well with I find that
when I use this my foundation breaks
down so badly I've been using this with
foundations that I know and I love and
then I put this under it and all falls
to crap and I don't know what's
happening here so if you have experience
with this and you weren't it works well
with a foundation that you love please
let me know because I would really love
to be able to make use of this at this
point it is a complete fail for me my
husband just texted me says just wanted
you to know that I'm thinking about you
and then I love you so much I hope that
you went off I hope that you are having
a great day number one favorite alright
anyway moving on to number nine number
nine is a natural mascara and I should
know better than to use natural mascaras
I keep having hopes that it'll be good I
got this I believe at generation Beauty
and I just broke it open this is the
Pacifica natural minerals Aquarian glaze
water-resistant long lash mineral
mascara it doesn't work it doesn't do
anything for me it does nothing for me
here is the wand so you can see what
that looks like it's kind of I don't
know oval-shaped ish the bristles are
nice and close together which makes for
great separation but the formula just
doesn't lengthen it doesn't volumize it
doesn't do anything but color my lashes
so if you have naturally long lashes you
may really like this and it's great that
it
natural but it just doesn't work
unfortunately next up we have a nail
polish that I don't typically do nail
polishes but this is one that has failed
me failed me this is the ZOA topcoat UV
block armor protect nail color it's what
I'll say it says nail color but it's a
topcoat this happened to me with this
polish this is a julep nail polish julep
nail polishes are my absolute favorites
and this is what happened so I put on my
nail polish put on two coats three coats
three coats and then I put this over top
I am not even kidding you an hour later
my nails were getting dinged I'm like
it's a bit an hour since I did my nails
like my nails should not be dinging so
I've decided to repaint my nails I took
off the Polish repaint my nails put on
no topcoat and they were completely and
totally dry in 15 minutes it's like what
in the world is going on with this so
for ZOA product I would expect better I
expect it to be good if you can get it
to dry and not ding your nails in the
process then it's fine and it works
great I have it on my outer two nails
and it works great on those I mean those
nails look better than the ones I didn't
use the top coat on
but the drying time is ridiculous next
up on the countdown we have a product
that I cannot find I don't know what I
did with it but I did a full review on
it and it is the unique I shadow palette
number three and I got a bunch of flack
for that video for being too easy on
unique but the thing was let me just let
me just say the thing was about the
unique video is I was presenting it to a
wide range of audience of many different
experience levels with makeup
I wasn't hard on them in that I kind of
gave them the benefit of the doubt for
people that aren't used to using makeup
which I believe is unique target
audience but all I can do is tell you
how I feel and that's my opinion show
the eyeshadow palette I feel like people
that play by Revlon palettes and you
know palettes they just don't perform
very well they try a unique palette and
it works great I have some really good
quality eyeshadow palettes and it's not
just about the expense of them it's
about the quality of them and the ease
of use and this thing was terrible for
me it was awful for me I think
see how some people can make it work you
can work with it and you can use a
couple of shades here and there and
probably make it work I'm never gonna
use this palette again I'm gonna try to
pass it on to my mom because she loves
purples and she doesn't need a real
super puffy eye look so it's not like
it's not usable it's just not something
that is good enough for my personal
standards so that's why it is so low
down on the countdown we're getting
toward middle ground here so this is a
palette that I like there's just one
shade that I don't like this is the
color pop weekend warrior by Amanda
Steele and I am planning on doing a full
review of this one and the low key one
but it keeps getting bumped because I
did the tart review and then I'm working
on the natural love bite to face I'm
going to IMATS and all this stuff so
eventually I would love to do a full
review of these but this is a preview so
the Amanda Steele color pop palette the
first time I use this I hated it and
I'll tell you why it's because of this
shade right here this shade for me was
very powdery it did not work it faded
really quickly so when I use this as a
base for the entire eye look my whole
eye look fell apart when I abandoned the
shade and I used a different cream
shadow cream-colored shadow the whole
look look beautiful it was gorgeous it
worked so well lasting power was great I
just feel like this shadow fall short
these ones are great the low-key palette
I like all the shades in it it's a
really really nice palette is it the
best eyeshadows I've ever used no but
are they really good yes are they really
good for the price point yes that's your
preview but I do want to do a whole
video on it if you're interested in that
definitely leave a comment below and let
me know that you're still interested
even though I kind of already gave you a
preview of what I'm gonna say next up we
have a product that was sent to me by
pure and really really liked this a lot
this is their eye polish base and
topcoat in the shade caviar I wore this
for an episode of whatsapp and makeup
and I got so many compliments on it
because I don't typically wear a really
dark eye I was really nervous to use it
but I went for it and I'm so thankful
that I did just a dimension in this
shadow is so beautiful it's like this
olive green with some gold sparkles in
it and it's just so sick of bready I
only complain about this is it doesn't
really play that well with other shadows
I feel like the milk makeup one is much
much worse
where that one comes in like a little
tube and it's a cream shadow formula
that one doesn't play well at all this
one's just a little bit more challenging
to work with but overall I really really
like this product and I really want to
try more of them especially the lighter
shades because it's really really really
good I love the opacity of it the
lasting power there's no fallout or
anything because like the glitter that's
in here is like in there and it doesn't
come out through the day which is
awesome I was not expecting it really
love it a lot we have a product that I
reviewed for what the K and this is the
sweet cotton core cover BB by Holika
Holika thank you so much to my girl
fizzy pop I don't know what her real
name is but that's her youtube name vids
pop for telling me how to say this
properly so I reviewed this on what the
K which is my Korean Beauty series if
you're not watching that it is so much
fun I definitely recommend you checking
out it's my least viewed video of the
week and it's just I don't know why I
love it so I'm gonna keep doing it and
people that also love it can keep
watching it but ovale you'll check it
out if you're in any way interested in
crazy products so this one smells very
mildly of cotton candy and the coverage
of it is really beautiful
it does tend to fade a little bit
through the day the more I wear it the
more I'm noticing this but I love this
as a lighter coverage BB cream lighter
coverage foundation a kind of thing and
it's really nice and it's really cheap
it's only like 750 you get a full ounce
and you can get it on Amazon and I very
much enjoying using it definite win on
this one all of these products the last
ones I just absolutely love this is a
brand that I haven't talked about in
years in years and I realized I haven't
talked about it in years so I need to
tell you my favorite like lotion brand
is a called Camille Beckman I really
love this brand the cents in here are
amazing if you don't like fragrance
you're gonna like it but the cents in
these products are so good this one is
my favorite it's called Tuscan honey
this is their glycerin hand therapy oh
my gosh smells so good it's so hydrating
I know moving into in the United States
into the spring and summer months but in
the wintertime this stuff saved my hands
I absolutely love this formula it seeps
into the skin so nicely it has such a
nice fragrance it just gives
like warm comforting feeling when I use
it all of their scents I really like
except for I'm not sure if they sell it
anymore but there was one called Camille
that I didn't like is a little too
floral but other than that I really like
them there's one that's like mango
number two or something that one's kind
of beachy so if you're looking for a
nice like summery its scent that one's
really good but this one's really good
to this Tuscan honey that's so good
number two was a fun find that was sent
to me by benefit this is the goof proof
brow pencil by benefit and I did do a
full review of this this has become my
favorite brow pencil I do have a lot of
ones that I really like the only reason
why this one tops like the Anastasia and
the Loreal brow definer is because of
the shape of the tip it's got a teardrop
shape which makes it really easy to both
get right here on my brow and also the
tip right here which I absolutely love
it's also a really good value as far as
price program compared to the other ones
it's actually even cheap you're cheaper
than the Loreal brow definer when it
comes to price per gram so it's a great
deal even though it is a little bit more
up front but it'll last you forever and
it's just a really good product it's got
the spoolie on the back and it just does
everything I wanted to do it's not
sticky or heavy it's not super opaque so
it doesn't give me super crazy thick
Instagram brows because that's not
personally what I enjoy I like a more
natural brow but definitely worthy of
the number two spot this month and my
number one spot this month goes to the
dose of colors liquid lipsticks I also
did a full review of these these were
not sent to me by dose of colors these
are amazing I absolutely love them I put
them up there with my other two favorite
liquid lipsticks the Ofra ones and the
bareMinerals ones this is kind of how I
would put those three if you want
something that's the most comfortable
you're gonna go with bare minerals if
you want one that is the most long
wearing but not quite as comfortable but
really long wearing I would go for the
dose of colors if you want a healthy mix
of both I would go for the Ofra but I
got this set of the these five of them
and there isn't a shade among these that
I don't enjoy the wear down of these is
very nice it just kind of fades down
gracefully and they're just fantastic
products I mean even the darker shades
are just really real
nice you do have to kind of be a little
more careful with the darker shades as
far as the way or down and making sure
they still look good after eating you
definitely want to get oil near them
because they will break down but overall
excellent wear time really really
enjoying these and so deserving of the
number one spot this month so that is it
for my March favorites this month I hope
you enjoyed it I'd love to know what
your March favorites were down in the
comments below so I can get to know with
some of the things you've been loving
and possibly purchased them and possibly
get to know them as well and they can be
my favorites too so let's all get
together in the collective bringing of
makeup awesomeness down in the comments
and I'll learn from each other so we can
end up buying things that are awesome
and not buying things that are
completely crap thank you again so much
for watching subscribe if you're not
subscribed and I'd love to you and I'll
see you in the next video
[Music]